enhancement of the stylistics of the documentation and some texts (#2798)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/automated-testing/running-acceptance-tests.md

# Running Acceptance Tests

## Running in Docker

> There is `selenium-server` container with an installed Selenium hub and Google Chrome, prepared to run the acceptance tests.

Reviewer: The selenium-server container now contains Firefox.
I'm not sure if it's in the scope of this PR.

> There is `selenium-server` container with an installed Selenium hub and Google Chrome, prepared to run the acceptance tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is `selenium-server` container with an installed Selenium hub and Firefox, prepared to run the acceptance tests.
```

You should run all commands mentioned below while logged into your `php-fpm` container via the command:
```
docker exec -it shopsys-framework-php-fpm bash
```

!!! note
For `selenium-server` to be able to connect to your `webserver` container and access your application, all domains should have the URL set to `http://webserver:8000`.
This is done via ENV `OVERWRITE_DOMAIN_URL` defined in `.env.acc` or `.env.acc.local`.

> Everything should be configured for you by default, but it is important to keep the domain URL overwriting in mind when dealing with acceptance tests.

Reviewer: The indentation is crucial for admonitions (`!!! note`, `!!! hint`, etc.) to work properly. (multiple places in this PR)

see the difference

![Snímek obrazovky 2023-10-04 v 15 00 18](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/assets/1177414/70b7e96f-fee0-404b-8352-a32930abcf90)
![Snímek obrazovky 2023-10-04 v 15 00 31](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/assets/1177414/dacc3655-54d0-4fcd-b39b-896eb0ff56d3)

Author: fixed
